This document will contain the information to the video quiz expandable box that is in the learn.tsx file.

There are 3 major aspects of this that we want to edit.

First of all lets discuss some context about the video quiz expandable box. In side it we have 3 screens that the user swipes left to get to. We have
ContextView, ConversationalView, CulturalView that are contained in the box. Now each screen that you swipe left to, the top of the expandable box, 
'the title / header ' still says video quiz. we want to change this. We want it to to says 'video quiz' like it does right now when its on the 
ContextView, 'Cultural Info' when its on the culturalview which is the second screen, then 'Speaking Practice' when its on the 3rd slide.

Now what we also want to do is add a 4th screen in the swipeable box, now we can create this 4th screen and put it in the app/views directory, now
what this screen will be for is it will act as a completion screen for a video, so on it the header will say 'Good Job!' and now this screen on it will
say you completed the video and got 100xp , which we will then also have a display of the users xp bar and level, we will also have a display of their
daily goal for videos. You will need to refer to the progress.tsx file to see how we interface with the database for using the users xp and daily goal
information so you can apply that here. now also what we want to do is add a text below this that says 'Swipe up to continue' then with an arrow 
poiting up. Now we want to remember that all of this needs to fit on the screen space that it in alloted in this expandable box. Use your UI design
skill to make it look great.

The next feature: Right now in learn.tsx we are updating the users xp and daily goal information when they get the correct answer in the contextview
question, (as the context view is a multiple choice question), what we want to do is change this logic to place it on our new 4th screen, so when
the user swipes through the swipeable box and gets to the 4th screen, we instantly trigger that logic to update the xp and the daily goal, just like 
how it is right now just moving it to this area in the code.

Next feature: Right now at the bottom of these screens in the expandable box, we have " <-- swipe " at the bottom of each screen, what we want to do 
is replace this a fillable dot indicator, now you can use your imagination to interpret what this should look like, but we should have 4 dots at the
bottom of each page, where on the first screen, the first dot is filled with color, then on the second screen the 2nd dot is filled, going onto the
4th screen where then that dot will be the one that is filled. now the fill color of the dots will be #5a51e1, and we also want to make sure that
we pay attention to UI detail to not make these big so that everything can fit nicley on the screen. 